use two chords here in the first idea
there minor with seventh and the seventh fact
A major minor seventh from fifth to
The fact that the fact is greater here gives even
imagine a levada that is very
used in an mpb style in several
I'll even mention one as
taken this example it consists of
and work with low
accord in which case the home is the fifth
placed here
then in the case the junction of the three
index finger and income there
doing this simultaneously pulled
a few times and can pick the most part
sharp
the chord and sometimes the most serious part
You're tempering the sound of it.
will have a cell two cells equal
only the second one is a little bit more
slow
like this
then you would here a pull one
down and placed in three low UOL
then it will pull only a bit and
then you will do that effect
percussive that is the bath then she goes
stay that way and then pull yourself
again the rope only now a little
slower and again in love with you
together placed on the very placed map and
muffles okay you can do it here and
changing chords from the smaller 7 in fact
say a measure for each 1 342 3 4
I did not tell you about a song that would be
example the song tears and rain already
uses these two chords in the introduction
in the first part of the song more or
Less so, it's just two bars
begins the first stanza this way
tears and rain now the window glass
but no one sees me right to get a
little of the traditional one was playing the
left a little more
organized
It's okay, I hope you enjoy it.
until the next edition